Music
From Meltdown Congress in Hollywood, California, Harmontown,
There's now a session.
Music
Please welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown,
Dan Harmon.
Music
Thank you.
We have such an exciting show tonight.
I really feel like, yeah, I feel like it could be good.
There's no fault of my own.
I'm in a pickle here, Dan.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
See, it's already exciting.
For those of you listening, and that's,
Jeff is literally in a pickle.
Laughter
$5 subscribe to see me living inside of a pickled cucumber.
Yeah.
I popped the top button, the one that you button on a two-button suit.
Right.
Does anybody here have a needle and thread on them?
Seth, you do?
Yeah, I might be back in my bag.
You got one back there?
Yeah.
Does anybody know how to sew a button back on a suit?
Oh, he tricked you.
You do right there?
I trust you.
I trust him.
All right, get up here.
What's your name?
Anna.
Hannah or Anna?
Hannah.
Hannah, the seamstress, everybody.
Applause
Music
Dan, I hate to derail the show right off the bat.
I thought you were going to keep going.
Like, does anybody have connections in the garment industry
that would be able to sell a good as new jacket?
And then, does anyone know,
is anyone able to launder money?
And then he just like continues and like,
because didn't he kind of trick us?
Because he said, does anyone have a needle and thread?
We were excited because we thought we were going to see like sartorial Rambo.
Now, Hannah needs the person with the needle.
Is it black thread, we hope?
Yeah, she got it.
Oh, no.
I got to go look through my bag.
Nobody has needle and thread?
We got Hannah here holding the button like an idiot.
I'm kidding.
No.
Of course.
I mean, she's holding the bag here.
You got the thread?
It might be at the bottom where I got it.
Seth.
I'm sorry.
Where's your bag?
It's in Fortin.
Fortin?
Needle and thread is in Orange County right now?
Uh-oh.
What's happening over here?
This is already the worst podcast I've ever been on.
No.
Okay.
Now that there's a needle point thing happening over here.
Oh, that stuff.
Yeah.
Blue thread is fantastic.
All right.
Hannah, may I give you my jacket?
Yeah.
I'm going to take my wallet and other pertinent things out of it.
See what?
Thank you, sir.
My tiered for mistrustful Mickey back there.
He's our regular character.
He's reminding all of us.
All right, Dan.
So take your phone.
I've seen it.
What is your name, madam?
Who's got the needle and thread here?
Heather?
Heather, are you a needle point enthusiast over here?
What's going on?
No, my friend is.
Your friend is.
Is your friend.
How do you know she's your friend?
Take it easy, Mickey.
It's a general vibe.
Yeah, but how do you define it?
If she was on a railroad track and it was you or her?
Mistrustful Mickey is, he's endearing.
All right.
Hannah and Heather, everybody, they're going to fix my jacket.
What they're going to do, Dan, they're not just fixing my jacket.
They're saving Memorial Day.
I wouldn't think, don't you unbutton it when you sit down anyway?
Yes, but this is not business that was necessary.
No, but I have shit to do after the show.
I can't be sewing buttons on.
Oh, man.
I thought I would mind the vast resources of talent in our Harmontown audience.
This is fucked up.
I guess you don't get paid to do the show, so that's fine.
You were owed a little bit.
You farmed labor and that's fine.
Hannah, do you feel exploited right now?
Will you be able to enjoy and listen to the show while doing this?
Okay.
This is how she listens to podcast.
She didn't expect to be doing it tonight.
Is there a shoe shine in the crowd right now because...
These little guys could use it.
Does anyone know how to hydroponically harvest soy?
Because we're so close to our moon colony at this point.
Hannah could get started on a few jumpsuits after this.
We've returned back to our moon colony?
Oh, man, now more than ever.
Now that it's getting to be election season.
Anyways, here's a segment that everyone loves called Green Room Antics.
Okay.
Everyone enjoys hearing about behind the scenes at Harmontown.
I needed a mint because I probably haven't brushed my teeth in two days.
I can't remember.
A mint will wipe that right out.
It's a perfect substitute for hygiene.
It's the withdrawal of oral hygiene.
100% effective.
So I asked, I said, does anybody have gum or a mint?
And then Dustin wasn't in the room.
His girlfriend Elizabeth was.
Elizabeth said, I think Dustin has some mints.
Dustin came in, Elizabeth said, Dustin, do you have any mints?
And Dustin said, yeah, I have some Altoids.
Can you give one to Dan?
And Dustin was like, why, does your stomach hurt?
And Elizabeth starts laughing.
And I don't understand what the hell is going on.
So Dustin, she's like, does your stomach hurt?
And then Dustin leaves to go get the Altoids.
And Elizabeth says, every time I have a stomach ache, Dustin gives me an Altoid.
And I love him, so I pretend it helps my stomach ache.
And I've never told anyone this until tonight, she said.
So she's been conditioning him to believe that Altoids are for your stomach.
Dustin, do you think Altoids are for your stomach?
Get out of here.
Dustin Marshall, everybody.
The same reason you get a dinner mint after you eat at a restaurant,
because the mint settles your stomach.
But that's the logic, since I was a child.
That's what I learned.
So you think when you go to a restaurant and you get that little red and white stripy circle mint thing,
that's for your stomach?
Was it for your breath?
Oh, I thought it was to settle your stomach.
Dustin Marshall, everybody.
All right. Hey, who needs Letterman?
What a show.
By the way, I'm sure you've noticed, you know, now that Dustin's out of the Huskow,
you should all hide your cartoon money.
He likes to wear that black and white striped shirt a lot.
Don't put any pies on the windowsills.
All right, so anyways, okay, so God, I mean, I really, okay, I had so much to talk about.
All right, so you know how in Mad Max Fury Road, everybody's got their little designations,
their little jobs, like there's the War Boys and the other people.
How do you get the guitar guy job?
You got to be fucking badass.
Also, you have to not mind a lot of sand in your face, because he's right out in front.
Yeah, and he's relatively, oh yeah, it did seem like he was blind, yeah.
That's how he got that job. He's like a prodigy or something.
Or did they poke his eyes out in some kind of ritualistic thing?
I would watch a whole movie about that guitar player guy.
Yeah, it was pretty great. Okay, good movie.
Okay, but you know, you don't have to...
Uh-oh.
Well, I mean...
Are you qualifying your love of Fury Road right now?
No, no, I'm not at all. Not at all.
I just, like, I've kept my lips zipped. Aaron enjoyed that movie so much,
and all of her friends enjoyed that movie so much.
And then on the way home, there's just that, like, she's like,
oh man, it was so impactful, it's so good, such a refreshing change.
And then she was like, how did you enjoy the movie?
Was that intimidating for you?
And I was like, no, no, but inside I was like, fuck you.
And I have only said that to you guys, don't tell her.
I was just kind of like, what? Come on.
Intimidated by the feminism of the movie?
Yeah, yeah, like, oh, are you able to handle that explosion boy?
Penis man?
Like, motherfucker, I don't care who's blowing shit up.
I love that there's men's group that hate that movie for being too feminist.
It's a bunch of dudes fighting and blowing shit up.
Well, also Mad Max as a protagonist has never been anything other than...
This is the best Mad Max movie ever, out of all of them, for sure.
I will say that, that's my opinion.
And I particularly love that actor playing Mad Max, and I love that performance.
And I had heard that he's like, oh, he's taking a slight backseat
because there's this other sort of thing happening,
but that's not really true.
If you watch all these movies, he's always...
What I like about Mad Max is that he's really more canine than human.
And it's especially brought out by the Charlize Theron character,
is that he's like this lovable spaniel, you know?
And that actor was so good at it, he was like, he just kept reminding me of my dog.
Like, he's just like...
But then, like, a good movie dog, he's not just obedient.
Like, the good movie dog turns the plot, too.
The good movie dog, all of a sudden, is like...
What is it? What is it?
The movie's going in one direction, dog. What do you want?
Which is what he does. No spoilers there.
Also, there's a lot of sand and vehicles.
If you haven't seen it, it's pretty great.
I don't know what to talk about. You guys are all talking about Mad Max, which is great.
It's a great movie. Please enjoy.
But also, like, you know, Ripley, why didn't we make that big a deal about Ripley?
Because she had to have the panion bra scene in Alien.
Yeah, I don't know.
Because that was like a slasher movie in space.
She was like Jamie Lee Curtis running from an alien screaming.
She wasn't really like...
But aliens... She was driven by her uterus, I guess.
She was like, I got to save that baby, because I'm a lady.
I just... I find it fascinating.
I went and did a little exploring online.
I mean, a very little, because you get...
A little goes a long way of reading about what the menonists, whatever the fuck they call themselves...
Menonists!
Yeah.
Menonites.
Menonites on Broadway!
The New York Times called just menonites.
Dashing, good time.
Do I, do I, do I?
That's like an excerpt.
Menonites have come...
Oh, I've got Menonites.
The girls are done.
But you read a little bit about it, and they're so mad that there's women with agency in a fucking action movie.
What do you want?
Is your stance that you want nothing but sweaty guys rubbing up against each other the whole movie?
It's like, what are we talking about at that point? You want no women in your movie?
Or they just have to be props? They just have to be damsels in distress?
They want top gun. They want top gun, man.
Yeah.
They want a lot of beach volleyball, baby.
I don't know. Who are they?
There's a menonite inside all of us.
They're not called menonites, they're called menonists.
Menonites are noble, weird religion.
I think as we move forward, we need to start to... We're doing a great job accepting everything,
and I think we need to start accepting a little bit of ignorance.
There was an article that Emily Gordon had tweeted that I retweeted.
She retweeted it, and I retweeted or tweeted.
But the headline was something like, admit it, you're fav is problematic.
And I think it was sort of like the treatise was sort of like, look,
a world full of people you're going to admire, and they're not all going to be mentally perfect.
Some of them are going to have slight racist holdovers from something.
Some of them are going to need to be edified in terms of gender.
There's a good chance that as you move forward and admire people throughout your life,
a lot of them are going to disappoint you.
If we're going to actually fix the world and become like this Roddenberry vision,
which I think everybody would agree with that, even though it seems like a lot of people want to fight that,
the real truth is if we're going to make it there, it's going to be because we actually get good at greeting ignorance
and saying, I know what you are, that's okay.
You just don't know some stuff yet, and I'm not going to bully you or reverse bully you
or condescending you or police you.
It's challenging, and it's not fair, but what else are we going to do?
Beat them up? What are we going to do?
Yes, we're going to beat them up.
It feels good if you happen to be somebody that was bullied in your life.
Of course it feels good to finally flip them over and spit in their face,
but maybe we can do that for a little bit.
I keep saying, we oppressed people unite, but I was part of a group in the 70s called kids that throw like a girl
and who smell like sewage, although it wasn't born that way.
I could have done something about that.
I presented as sewage, and I was judged for it.
Anyways, whatever, Harmon, shut your fucking hole, but then keep talking.
You okay, Dan? You alright?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, so let's bring faucets back. I just want to make this quick.
Let's bring faucets back in public bathrooms.
Obviously we don't have the motion detection technology.
Obviously that needs another five years in the oven.
It's not working.
It doesn't know when your hands are under the thing.
By the way, I'm not a biologist, but the day a germ can live on cold metal,
I think we're going to be dead before you go to a public bathroom.
Yeah, because the shit's going to be like everywhere.
Germs tend to like moist, warm biological places, like the ones that can really hurt you.
There's not going to be one sitting on a doorknob going like,
I can't wait to get inside your body and kill you.
I feel like anything that you touch until you've finished washing your hands is...
Hannah, are you already done?
Hannah the seamstress, everybody.
Alright.
Alright, one more thing, and I want to bring up our first guest.
Yeah.
Looks good.
Thank you, Hannah. That's very lovely of you.
Why did I write the voicemail?
Oh. Oh, I want...
Yeah.
Oh, that's pro. That's a good button.
That's going to last for a while.
Yeah.
I guess I could try this.
There's got to be someone here who speaks Spanish.
We find out there's no British people last week.
I speak a touch of Spanish. Do we need lots of Spanish?
You can see what this guy is saying.
Over there.
I don't know if you'll be able to hear this.
What's your name?
Megan.
Megan?
Okay.
This is a voicemail I got today when I didn't pick up.
Do we need Megan at it or translate?
Well, that's all. I'm seeing if she can hear this.
This makes it through the speaker system.
It's kind of... Let's see if this works here.
You want to plug it in?
Yeah.
I can wire you in.
Hey, my name is Hamid.
I'm from Paris.
Bye.
Okay.
Yeah, that might have been Arabic.
Yeah, it might have been pseudo-racist of me to assume that was Spanish.
I don't even know.
Whatever language he's speaking, he's mumbling in it.
The alarming thing you can't hear is that there's a really sharp child's cough at a certain point.
He's like, hey, what are you mumbling?
I say, what are you mumbling?
I'm like, do you know that you just called a fat white comic?
I'm not a comic. Why am I not a comic?
Should we try plugging in and hearing that?
Any kid that's in a bag is like, oh, you're a comic now.
Do you want to try plugging in and hearing that with better fidelity?
We can try to figure this out.
I don't know how worth it that is.
I'm curious.
Was that a wrong number?
No.
It was a perfect number.
He nailed it.
He called exactly the right guy.
I am life-flighting his kid to the Whooping Cough Center.
Yes, it's a wrong number.
I don't even know what language he's speaking.
Maybe your car was in the shop and the guy was calling you back saying your car is ready or something.
Oh man, my car is going to be in the shop forever.
They need to switch departments. That guy should be working on my air filter.
I want to hear it again. Play it again.
Okay.
I think everybody get very quiet.
Hold on. I'm just 42 and it's an iPhone.
Just give me a second.
Did you hear the kid?
I'm really concerned that I don't know how to get this guy back.
It's not a listed number.
Hello, Dr. Harmon at the Tuberculosis Society.
My child is not going to die.
Bye.
If you don't call back, I'll assume she's okay.
She's turning green.
I'm not convinced that's Spanish.
That's not Spanish.
You heard TARDIS?
It could have been Catalan, right?
TARDIS? I heard later.
They would call me later.
Later would be added at 5.
What's that?
It's Cactus.
Is that what they're doing?
A call back to Cactus Bunch?
That's a deep cut.
The Cactus Bunch isn't here, right?
The thing about the Cactus Bunch is
the Cactus Bunch is also 40 years old right now.
I would like to go hang out and have a drink with the Cactus Bunch.
And ask him about the time they took my paisley bandana off me
and wanted me to fight them for it.
I think I'm most scared out of all the gang bangers.
I think I'm most scared of the Latino ones.
Whispering doesn't make this not recorded.
Alright, alright.
Let's bring up a friend that I've been wanting to come up here for a long time.
He needs no introduction, which is a good thing because I'm bad at them.
He's an amazing comment.
Senator Bernie Sanders.
Mr. Andy Kindler has come down here.
You can have a seat in any of these seats.
Thank you for having me.
I never know how these panel things work.
Wherever you're comfortable.
I think the camera guy might have a preference.
He's like, oh would you sit there?
Chris, is it better if he sits closer to me?
They don't care.
Can you get us in a two shot?
I don't know what I'm saying.
That's what the old comics would say.
I don't know what that meant.
I'm already bombing.
How could I be bombing that quick?
You bomb before you sat down.
Bombing on site.
Oh, it's an old comedian of some type.
I have told them about you and worshiped at your feet.
We've got to get Kindler up here.
He's one of the quickest bombing comics.
The main thing is he didn't build it up too big.
I felt like I had to do that.
I didn't have to do that.
I don't know why I did that.
It's not your fault.
He's the best.
Now look at us.
You're not responsible for their judgmental attitude.
Kids today, they're like, yeah, you make us laugh.
What do you got?
It's not like audiences back in the 70s.
No, back in the 70s, they were like,
I hope Gallagher smashes some melon and it gets on me.
That's what they were like.
It was easy back then.
You guys knew what to do back then.
What will this Robin Williams think of next, they said back then?
Too soon, too late, too soon.
I'm going to do this joke every night.
I'm on stage for the rest of my life.
Every night, I've done it every night so far and I will do it again.
Who died and made Jim Belushi a big star?
I do the long stare.
I've stolen many of your jokes and borrowed them in conversation or whatever,
but there's nothing I've stolen more than when you say a punchline and hold it.
And that's built on a tradition of thousands of years of Catskills comic.
Thousands of years, fuck it.
Thousands of years.
Back in the code of Hammurabi, there was a code of Hammurabi.
That's Karnak I'm doing.
I did a Kermak thing last week to abject silence.
Get it out.
They don't know anything pre-Fallon.
I saw in the final montage of the Letterman goodbye, you popped up between two presidents.
I can't follow Obama.
That was a joke at one point.
No, I couldn't believe it.
I was totally thrilled.
I thought I saw, sometimes you're a dry guy, but sometimes you're a very sincere guy on Twitter.
One of the things I was thrilled to talk to you about is how,
because I am the thing that really endeared you to me,
whereas otherwise you'd just be that really, really funny guy,
and sometimes it's easy to hate that guy because you're like, fuck that really funny guy.
I often hate myself because I'm so funny.
But you bother to argue with people on Twitter about ideological stuff.
People pick on you about not being an atheist and you push back.
You came to my defense with the best thing.
You said if you don't believe in God, it's one thing.
I said to these kids that were picking on you,
I think you're mistaking atheism, which is I have no God,
for antagonism, which is you have no God.
Exactly.
And then that got retweeted so much and then there's just strangers, I posited that like I'm fucking played out.
I didn't say that on the mount.
I was saying that to these three kids that were shaking down Andy for his lunch money,
because he dares to have a connection to the fucking cosmos.
First of all, if you're 20, shut the fuck up about religion or about my lack of it.
Are you kidding me?
You were closer to birth.
Worship your mother's vagina.
I have his mother.
That's what made that joke work.
I'm not doing it.
No, you're absolutely right.
And here's the thing is that this whole topic has enraged me,
but it also mixes up with a lot of different things, which is like people like,
I'll give you an example of how a lot of these atheists, first of all, it drives them.
I don't care if you're atheists.
Most of my friends are atheists.
My dad was agnostic.
Some comic who I've no longer friends with was talking about how it's hard to be,
you know, you get oppressed if you're an atheist.
And you're oppressed as an atheist in America.
Show me where you're, you'd have to move to Alabama and specifically walk around and go,
there's no God, you Jesus loving piece of garbage.
I don't know, that was a bad example.
But the point is, so, so, but this is an example of how some of these people's minds work.
Someone was arguing with me and they said, they always say that religion causes,
you know, the Quranic causes people to become violent.
So I said, well, stop, you know, Stalin was an atheist.
And then they go, then the guy comes back.
Oh, you're saying atheism causes.
No, I'm saying none of it causes violence.
So it's like they claim to be brilliant, but not even using their own logic.
There's a lot of it.
Yeah, I feel like.
I'm sorry, I got so excited about nothing.
We have an understanding.
I mean, I bet if I asked all the atheists to stand up, I don't want to risk it because they might go,
well, I'm standing, let's walk out.
Yeah, but I, I, look, I mean, I, I don't always like, like, like, I'm just a Joseph Campbell guy.
And I was like, like, I was, I was an atheist slash agnostic to until I started writing and started having writer's block.
I mean, discovered Campbell was reading this and the guy grew up a Catholic boy scout and he was smart.
And, and, and he, the value of mythology in your life is like, that's all I care about.
Like I always say to people, if you're going to pop Tom, Tom Hanks is volleyball.
What are you going to replace it with?
Cast away.
They don't even, they were born after that movie came out.
It's a, it's a young demo.
No.
Well, the thing is, no, no, but the thing is, it's like, the thing is the worst thing, there is no sign.
And they drive them crazy when they go, there's absolutely, there's zero science in atheism.
Nothing.
It's nothing scientific.
Because first of all, unless you're eight years old or 12 years old, of course we're not talking about people literally believe the Bible is true.
Those are fundamentalists.
Nobody believes fundamentalists what they believe in.
Although I've met a lot of nice fundamentalists.
I mean, then there's fundamentalists who will tell you you're bad for, for being gay.
But the point is, you can't say something isn't true when the word God, I use it to describe something I can't describe.
I'm not even saying what it is.
I'm just saying I did LSD in college.
I've had a, I've written music.
I, you know, on stage you get into, into a zone.
I take martial arts.
They call it no mind.
The root of, of so many things in life, meditation is a belief in some kind of transcendent experience.
And you can't, and it seems like ridiculous that these people live in their little head.
They really think that that's where they're going to be able to figure out everything.
Science has nothing to say about the kind of things that I'm talking about.
Right, exactly.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not saying the world's 3,000 years old or creationism.
It's like, there's no scientific thing that could come out where I would go, okay, I was wrong.
Right.
There is, there is no love.
And there's a, there's a, there's a larger scale on which it's like, oh my God, well, are you, do you know that people used to put leeches on people and burn people at the stake and all that stuff?
Right.
It's like, yeah.
And, and in that scale, we've won.
There's bigger skyscrapers than churches on every skyline.
There's like no place where there's like crucifixes everywhere and you get whipped for anything if you don't believe in anything.
Like, we're winning.
We're, we're, we're, it's, it's, it's on schedule.
Like, like the death of religion.
It's fine.
We're fine.
I can't believe I've ever had to defend organized religion.
I mean, I'm not even defending.
I'm not defending anything.
No, they're worse than anybody.
Right.
Anything with a name on it, they can go fuck themselves.
But wouldn't you rather hang out with the Pope than Bill Maher?
I would.
Absolutely.
Well, this Pope, I'd rather hang out with this Pope than Bill Murray.
This Pope is like a fucking terrorist.
He's amazing.
That's like the biggest compliment I can give a Pope.
It's like a terrorist.
He knows what, he knows, the Pope knows what he means.
Like every other day you turn on NPR, it's like the Pope, the Pope said that people who hate gay people are going to hell.
And like, he's just sort of like, I don't know.
He didn't say that, but like, I mean, like, like, boy, they really put a, they put a firecracker in the old Pope seat.
Yeah, yeah, he's good.
The Pope was in West Hollywood last night doing poppers.
He's good.
He's not normally a papal person.
I've done that joke.
I've done it before.
They love it.
It's my joke I've done it before.
Jesus.
He actually hit, that was, that was actual physical violence on the show for the first time, I think.
I can't believe I actually hit him with a piece of paper.
We've had some screwballs up here and that was the first physical violent act.
It was physical comedy.
Well, I'll give you a perfect example.
It's like, I say online.
I say online.
I don't know.
I don't know anything about, I don't know anything about Charlie Hebdo.
I've seen a couple of cartoons where they're showing Mohammed.
Easy, dude.
You don't know what I'm going to say.
Okay.
What were you, oh, don't even start.
No, I don't know anything about you.
I've seen a couple of cartoons where there were Mohammed's balls.
Do you want a piece of paper and a pen to draw Mohammed right now?
No, I don't.
I don't.
But the point is, I say, look, just because, of course, you know, they go, well, I don't
know if Charlie Hebdo, I don't know if their cartoons were racist.
I don't know.
I guess they go, well, they shouldn't have been murdered.
Yes.
I can't we stipulate that I'm against murder.
Not pro-murder.
Has there anything I've ever said to you where you go, Andy, you're not saying you're going
to kill that guy because he cut you off in traffic.
But the point is, if you can't have a discussion about that there are certain things in the
world like those Danish guy, that Van Gogh guy who did get killed, but there's a lot of
people provoking people who are not in the power position in their country.
And we can't have a discussion about it.
And Salma Rush is going to say, because some people didn't want them to get a pen award,
that they have no character.
That's where it's like, you know, you have to have a discussion.
If you're telling me there's no validity to my position because you can't murder a cartoonist.
I'm against murdering cartoonists.
They should not be murdered.
Andy.
If you think you're murdering a cartoonist, count to 10.
Unless it's family circle.
It's well documented that you've been soft on murder for a long time.
I know.
That's not true.
It's a couple of times.
I murdered a couple of people and I wasn't sorry about it.
I will confess that I have been very, I refrain from ever speaking about the have to think
because I've been so confused about it because I am a rabid, mouth foaming, I don't even want
to say first amendment guy because I don't think, you know, the freedom of speech is
something you get from a lawyer.
I think it's something you get by virtue of your humanity.
But I'm like, anybody ever trying to stop blah, blah, blah.
But the thing is that I had to realize, I think you retweeted an article.
Was it you?
Yes.
That guy.
Where it was all the French muslims that was just sounding off.
Oh, yeah.
They asked a different article.
It was a vice magazine article and all it was, there was no agenda to the article except
that it was just a bunch of French Islamic individuals commenting on the situation by
virtue of being asked by this journalist.
And I was like, I just read it and I kind of like got this more distant view and started,
I was like, oh my God, I got caught up in that age old thing that I'm always railing
against which is so much easier to recognize within the country where you're being told
falsely that you have to choose between two things.
Right.
You have to choose between whether you love freedom or love terrorism.
Like I got, me, me, old genius pants.
Not old genius pants.
I got, I got, I was like, I was like, I don't understand.
It's like, I don't, I mean anybody who's, who shoots anybody is a fucking bully.
And so we should just always like fucking gather around and do whatever we have to and blah,
blah, blah.
But yeah, yes, you can still feel that way, but you can also be equally passionate about
everybody being respected all the time.
This isn't, this isn't something that's up for referendum anywhere.
Right.
It's not, it's, you don't have to choose salt or pepper.
Like anything you can be like, the potatoes need some salt.
The pepper needs some salt and the salt needs some pepper.
Yeah.
And then both the other potato needs some salt and pepper.
No, but for example, Bill Mark will quote, Bill Mark is a horrible person.
He will quote, he will quote, he will say 70% of, you know, according to a Pew poll in Syria
where 70% of Muslims hate those cartoons.
What does that mean?
They're allowed to hate the cartoons.
You're allowed to draw the cartoons.
I'm allowed to say I can't, I hate them.
And it seems to me, I didn't see a lot of these people arguing about having mosques near 9-11.
You know what I'm saying?
Everything in your, that's also freedom of expression.
So everybody's freedom of expression is based on where you are in your life.
So many of my friends have got, they almost like jumped up from the table because they're artists.
So that's all they see in that moment.
And it's so important to see that.
Yes, it is.
And murder is wrong.
It's a two little family circus that guy should be allowed to walk around.
You say, I measure of the extremity of artists supporting.
Are you coming down in favor of murdering Bill Keane and family circus?
No, I retract that.
For a minute, I got a little angry.
He's expressing his belief in non-murder to the extent that he's willing to say Bill Keane should be walking around among us, breathing our air.
That's tolerance.
That is very tolerance.
You think I don't want to...
Just as card-carrying non-murderer.
You think when Garfield doesn't like Mondays, I don't want to rip my head off?
But I... You don't think I want to send Jim Davis to the Eternal Monday of...
To the Lasagna of Hell?
Yes, I do.
Why were you all up in arms?
Oh, okay.
But you agree that I'm right?
That's all I care about.
I want to be the guy who gives his opinion and is not afraid to say anything, but everybody has to love me.
Let's all just love Andy.
That's it.
All right, so let's talk about comedy.
Andy, what is this...
You did a great thing for, I think, several years at the Just For Laugh Festival in Montreal, the state of the industry address, which is hilarious.
What do you think the state of comedy is right now?
Well, I think the state...
Well, first of all, when you have a Mr. James Corden, who...
They don't even know who he is.
I honestly don't either. He does the fish sticks, right?
No, I used to go with this, make this speech.
Now nobody even knows the references.
Okay, I love the show B-roll with Carson Daly. Have you seen that show?
No.
All right, so Carson Daly doesn't even...
Doesn't have time to be on his own show anymore.
He doesn't do the interviews on his show.
He throws to comedians who put their own segments together.
Why are you not outraged by this?
Then we have the comedians.
Josh Gad is literally...
He's in everything.
I opened up my mailbox this morning.
Josh Gad popped out.
He physically popped out?
Have you seen the comedians?
Yes.
It's behind the scenes of vaudeville is what it is.
And Josh Gad said that Billy Crystal is an encyclopedia of comedy.
He didn't say that he's a 1957 world book.
Adam Sandler, he's Adam Sandler movie.
They walked off a set of that movie.
Even the writers of F-Troop sent them a note.
They don't even know what Adam Sandler movie is in production.
Hello.
No, I'd like to drown in my own sorrow.
Sometimes non sequiturs don't work.
I would assume that you would agree that...
Hey, Ricky Gervais, is that what you're...
Ricky Gervais.
No, you were onto something.
Ricky Gervais, give me some Ricky Gervais.
Okay, Ricky Gervais spends half of his Twitter feed talking about what an atheist he is.
Although he doesn't even understand the basic tenets of monotheism.
Someone goes, he goes, what God do you believe in?
We've already settled that whatever it is that people are sensing,
it's all the same thing, viewed through different cultures.
But this idiot doesn't even know what he's talking about.
So half of his feeds about that.
And then the other half of his feed is about how he doesn't care what people say about him.
Half of his tweets.
And I want to know, can I get a price on Netflix without Derek?
One more time, one more time, one more time.
Give me one more.
Without Derek.
Better than without Derek.
What's the price without Derek?
The joke's up there, Dan.
Oh, and you're bringing it down?
Yeah.
Without Derek.
Is it like frosting?
And we're like in a gingerbread house?
I'm painting a picture for the people.
And then always, if it doesn't get big enough laugh,
you say something in between the jokes,
like pretty frightening stuff, people.
I think I'm making you sick.
No, no, no.
I'm such a bad interviewer that sometimes if you look over at me,
I'm thinking about what I should ask you next.
Is this not making you comfortable?
Let's do this.
You think I would agree with you?
I was going to say, I would imagine you might agree or would tweak this observation
that there was a certain point in time when a certain kind of,
I always call it the apple on the teacher's desk school of comedy.
Fallon.
Let me finish, if you like.
Lay it on me.
Yes, I will say, yes, yes.
Fallon fully represents that.
It's the mistaking fun for funny,
and it's also the sort of like a comedian's job isn't to upset people,
which I don't agree with.
I feel like a comedian should not be allowed to be pals with a politician.
I think you should definitely feel that there's like a red flag happening there.
If like, Ted Cruz is a nice man and we hang out.
We don't talk, we play golf.
We don't talk politics.
Funnier here.
Funnier there.
No, I know what you mean though,
but also that's why Letterman was so amazing was because he was himself.
Right.
It's funny when you yourself, curmudgeoned,
Andy Rooney is still complaining about his coffin.
He's like, why is my, why are my eyebrows still growing?
Why didn't I get myself cremated?
I don't think eyebrows should keep growing after you die.
I think they should stop.
I don't know why there's a top on the coffin.
Why is there a lid on here?
No one's going to open this up.
Look at me.
Where am I going to go?
I don't know where to be.
I don't need more lining.
I understand they needed to put my body in,
but they could have welded it shut.
Actually, now that I'm thinking about it out loud,
I guess a lid makes sense.
Goodbye.
I'm dead Andy Rooney.
I found my peace.
I would love, I would love it.
If 60 Minutes was edgy,
they would have a dead Andy Rooney at the end of every episode.
I perceived the shift toward the Apple on the Desk philosophy of comedy
as coming around Chris Farley's death.
Because I felt like it was just one too many for everybody.
And then there was a certain like takeover of like,
okay, now let's have the activities committee.
What do you mean Apple on the desk?
I don't understand.
I just mean like, hey, who's your favorite student?
It's me.
What were you at home school?
You know.
Boom!
You know how in high school, there were the kids that put together the pep rally?
And they would like, and then Mr. Simmons from chemistry would come out
and he would like slip sync to an Elvis song.
And then he would, and then Jeremy would come out who's famous for his mullet
and then they'd cut his mullet because he said he'd cut it if they didn't win homecoming.
And it's like, everyone's like, woo, woo, woo!
It's like this fusion of popularity and comedy, but it's not really comedy.
Like the kids that are smoking joints under the bleachers,
like they're not all funny either.
But like a comedian should come from the dirt, right?
They shouldn't come from like popular like crops of people.
And I felt like like the edginess and that association with drugs,
it's always been there and it's always been like sort of a sad but realistic
like kind of thing is it's like comedians are terrible tortured people.
They're in a lot of pain, they self-medicate.
And like, so there's like, you know, as with musicians, there's just always been this kind of like,
okay, this comedian like, like, you know, kind of like, he's allowed to say shit
that no one else is allowed to say and he catches flak for it,
but he doesn't give a fuck and that's the comedian station and oh, he overdosed.
And like the...
It's not no one specific we're talking about.
Also not pro overdose.
Yeah. It's a hypothetical comedian.
Maybe it's my oh, like I tipped a glass of milk.
I guess it's maybe you're like...
Enish Madoopy drowned in a pool of his own cocaine.
What?
What's Enish P. Madoopy?
Enish Madoopy, I said.
I'm not good at...
Enish Madoopy.
Anyway, I just said, you know, he had his own pool of cocaine.
You know, a lot of times it's not what some people say funny things funny,
but funny people say funny things, things, things.
Have you ever heard that one?
They used to hear that one all the time.
Like, is that a bromide?
Oh yeah, yeah.
Some people say funny things.
Comics.
Comics and comedians.
Comedians say funny things, comics say...
Say things funny.
Right.
Dumb.
I didn't say you said that.
Andy Kiddler is saying you guys said that.
You did it.
You guys said...
Why would you bring that?
Your silence is consent.
When you...
That's right.
You think he's...
You like racism.
You're pro-racism.
You...
You sons of the...
When I was back there and you said about...
You said you were in a comic, right?
Right.
Okay.
Now, this is...
I mean, he is a comedian, but the idea...
Like, these people like Karola or...
They all of a sudden think...
Or Gervais is another example.
Gervais thinks he's the funniest in our community in the world.
What is wrong with your ego that you think...
Because you've done stand-up 15 or 20 times?
And it's like to have humility.
You have humility.
It's like, you know you're funny, but you're not.
Right.
You know there's a certain...
And these people...
And I can't complete sentences.
What do you think?
But yeah, you and Pat Naswell sit there and it's like fucking like...
Yeah.
You know, you work for 10 years and the result is like a strong 15.
I think I just insulted you guys.
It's a strong...
11.
No, but I mean, it's like...
It's fucking like...
I mean, you torture yourselves and you like...
And you work it and blah, blah, blah.
And it's like this podcasting age is a great thing,
but I sense like with Kumail Nanjiani too.
It's like...
I'm about to go on stage and I'll go like...
Or Duncan Trussell too has like been working on the road
and the last time when he's sort of become a podcast star,
but it's like his podcast audience is way bigger
than his comedian following, I think.
So if it goes on tour with his podcast,
he draws these huge crowds for no effort at all.
But if he's like just touring as a stand-up,
it's sort of like, oh, he does stand-up.
And I remember saying to Duncan before going on stage is like,
are you mad about the last 20 years that we...
Right, right.
And he's like, yeah, you know what, I am.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's really fucking enraging.
Because he's a very happy guy.
That's a good little Duncan Trussell.
But anyways, yeah, I don't know, I'm just babbling about that.
And there's no value...
And my thing is there's no value judgment,
but you know, it's like that with...
Did you see that thing where Ricky Gervais was on
with like Chris Rock and those guys and Louis C.K.
and they were all talking about comedy
and the fact that Ricky Gervais, he's a narcissist.
He had a thing on Twitter once,
my favorite example of someone who was so full of himself.
He said, this is the only trophy hunting I believe in
because he's doing animal rights things
and he's standing in front of a case with his trophies in it.
No.
And I forced him to change his Twitter bio.
I absolutely am convinced of it
because his Twitter bio said,
multi BAFTA winning 16 ME deserving writer, producer,
actor, singer, I mean literally.
And he goes, and a one-trick pony with a smiley face.
Ah!
You can't be a comedian and not realize
and not have any self-awareness.
And I love the original office.
Boy is my face red.
I guess Steven Merchant was responsible.
He is that character.
I mean, who's the guy who played?
Merchant, you think Merchant is,
whatever, Ricky Gervais is character?
Maybe he has a soul of some kind.
But Ricky Gervais is that character.
David Brent.
Yeah, he's not playing.
Yeah, interesting.
So, okay.
He meant interesting.
No, I really did mean it.
I say intriguing.
It's not a competition.
That's how you look at it.
Score one for Kinler.
Kinler won.
I guess we've already circled this.
I kind of wanted to ask you this
because you would be the only person
that I would trust to answer this question
in an edifying way.
No pressure.
But also, it's kind of a dumb question.
So, don't answer it.
Who is Copernicus?
Doctors have this sort of central oath.
They have the Hippocratic oath.
They can sum up their whole shtick in one thing.
I gotta heal people.
That's what I do.
That's my gimmick.
I'm a doctor.
And whether I work on toes or noses
or a little bit of both,
I'm not supposed to do any harm.
It's hard to find a good toe and nose doctor.
Doctors have an oath
because we had to shake them down
for one at some point
because otherwise they could just be like...
The leeches.
I'm gonna cut off one of your arms
and see if that helps.
Maybe we should have a do no harm thing.
Because Dr. Schmeck...
Dr. Mengele is gonna stop it.
I can't reference Dr. Mengele!
He's not alive!
Are they pro-doctor Mengele?
They're anti-irony.
There's no such thing as context.
Because bad people abuse the concepts of context and irony
to be genuinely bad people.
So then we go,
what about context?
What about irony?
And they're like, I heard that from Old Man Carruthers
and he's racist.
So you're racist too.
Good logic.
You little fucking high-cologram shithead.
This is gonna be me in six months.
Look you atheist piece of shit!
Is there a comedic oath?
What would it be if there was one?
Obviously there isn't one
because there's a lot of bad approaches to comedy.
Like me personally observing,
it's like I don't think you should be doing comedy
to get applause or even necessarily smiles.
I think the comedy definitely heals more people
and makes them feel better in the long run.
So I've always babbled about this,
but it's important.
The first joke, this is a theory,
an anthropological theory,
the first joke that we hear is peekaboo
and it's like it's half terror.
Your mom is abusing your infantile instinct
to shriek in terror when your mom's face goes away
and then she's going, I'm in on it too.
Death is a joke.
And you're like, I don't know what the fuck this world is.
This is insane.
So like half of a comedian's job is,
if you're dwelling in the world of comedy,
you get one foot in the river sticks, you know?
Then you'd forget everything.
All right, ancient Greek majors.
Maybe if your mother wasn't holding a knife.
Well, she was doing it.
Forget about it.
You're in that.
I want to hear more ancient Greek capskill comedy.
Easy, Sisyphus.
Work a little harder.
I can't think of one Greek name.
Hey, Tantalus, I have a mic.
You can't reach your beer. God has a plan.
Icarus, Andy, Icarus.
Maybe you shouldn't name your comedy,
you know, the Iliad and the Odyssey.
I don't know.
Is that even Greek?
Yes.
I like them.
People are like, yes, yes, old man.
Read something.
I do. Here's my oath.
I do have an oath.
Here's the thing.
The thing I think I hate more than anything else,
and I'm sure you agree with this,
is when people say, hey, if they laugh,
you know, people are laughing, it's funny.
Well, that's just objectively wrong.
You can't say comedy's not subjective in the sense that...
That's like saying if people are sneezing,
if they're sick, or allergic,
or anything, there's a lot of reasons to sneeze.
We may disagree on what's funny,
but it doesn't mean that because people can get some of the laugh,
it's funny because that was what got me,
where I wrote this handbook,
which is still available on my website,
where nothing ever changes.
Who's sick and tired of all these different dates.
So...
They keep changing them.
But I don't know what I'm saying.
Your oath, the hack handbook?
What was the sentence before that?
You said you had an oath.
Oh, well, okay, so, if you're in a club,
and I say, are you working tonight?
We'll get your feet off the stage.
In the 80s, any comic, you got a laugh doing that.
And the crowd would laugh.
You've never heard it before.
So it's up to the comedian to take the responsibility
that he knows that his material is original,
that he's not doing something hack.
But a lot of...
In the 90s, when they had the first,
quote, alternative scene since the late 70s,
which is the real alternative explosion
with lettermanology,
people like me were all squeezed out of,
like Janeane Garofalo, all these people.
We couldn't play comedy clothes because it was just filled
with hacks who just played to the audience.
So I think the oath is that you can't,
you have to go with what you believe is funny.
And for me, the big breakthrough,
but I don't know if this is enough,
I came 23 years in when I realized that,
I thought I was always saying what was on my mind,
but I realized I wasn't.
I was going to stock things about it,
like I hate the crowd or I hate myself.
And that was the big breakthrough.
And so that's kind of my oath is when things go bad,
just to really try and be in the moment,
but I don't know if that's enough.
Just step back and remind yourself that,
yeah, if you're not making yourself laugh,
if something you genuinely feel is funny,
then you could still be wrong.
You could say something that you genuinely think is funny
and find out that you're racist on Monday night.
And then you're like, read about it for three days
and come back on Thursday like, you know what,
I was racist on Monday and I found out.
But unless you're saying what you genuinely think is funny,
you're never, ever, ever going to,
you're never going to be funny,
because you could make people laugh.
For the wrong reasons.
I'm going to use this Got Milk formula everyone's using.
I'm going to say Got Come.
And see, I got a chuckle.
And Dick, for example, Dick jokes,
and that's why you can't make any rules,
because Dick jokes are an easy way to get people to laugh.
But then there's always one person,
like any rule you would make,
and then you'd see David Tell for 10 minutes
be so hilarious.
No one's funnier than him.
You can't make any rules, so that's why
when politically correct things come down
or when they want to have to co-bear
or so terrible, because obviously we know he's hilarious.
But that doesn't mean that I never
bought the thing where when you're on stage
it's a magic racer zone.
You can say anything you want.
A comedian should have a conscience.
You should be able to say if you think you're wrong,
I was wrong. I hate that the comics are saying,
or many say you should never apologize.
You should always evaluate what you're doing.
Right, right.
I thought it was really refreshing.
Do you remember when Natasha Legerro did the thing about it?
She did some Pearl Harbor joke.
Oh, about the, they're so old, they got their food.
Like, it's a case-by-case basis, is what you say.
But that was such a fucking great day for me.
I like springing my step.
Because she just said, I'm not sorry.
And I shouldn't be.
And it's not defiance, and it's just like,
this is not, because we are over-apologizing,
blah, blah, blah.
But what you're saying is, sometimes,
you don't have to have that hard line.
A comedian doesn't, we can't go like,
we're comedians, we're not going to apologize.
I've been doing this podcast.
I talk two hours a week.
I have no material.
I'm babbling, I'm drunk.
I have bruised people.
And I have been told that I have bruised them on Twitter.
And I have then, even in that moment,
gone like, go fuck yourself, because I'm human.
And I don't like being told that I did something wrong.
But like, inevitably, I'm like,
I did something wrong.
I think that's really cool.
I could have done that differently.
But I didn't, because I wasn't thinking the right way.
And that is a PR thing.
You just want to say it.
That's a PR thing.
My people say the same thing.
Speaking of PR,
to take it into this area,
part of your persona is,
the reason that we know
that you really follow that credo
is because in the brief time you've been up here,
you have, I mean,
I also do not like Bill Maher.
I also
was thinking of Jimmy Fallon
when you said I was thinking of Jimmy Fallon.
I also,
I didn't know Adam Carolla was racist,
but I'm willing to believe you.
You go there,
as the girls say?
I do go there.
And the thing is,
everything, like, okay, so I have a joke.
I say, Jay Leno has a car that runs on the energy
of all the people's dreams of these crimes.
And I kind of do,
I really don't like Jay Leno,
but Bill Maher is in a completely different category
because I am very sensitive
to the anti,
that people should not hate people
based on, I was raised,
you don't hate people based on their religion.
You know what I'm saying?
That really pisses me off about Bill Maher.
All of his dogmatic stuff,
he has a religion, and it's atheism,
and he's as fundamentalist and dogmatic about that.
Absolutely.
And you could possibly be about any fucking thing else.
It would be fine if he were more charming about it,
but charm is not what Bill Maher deals in.
It's 9-Eleven!
Sorry.
That is the greatest thing I've ever seen in my life.
Andy, we're the only show
that people cheer when you go, it's 9-Eleven.
Oh, my God.
Have you sometimes, don't you miss it sometimes?
Sometimes we miss it.
And in the morning, I'm like, God damn it.
But it happens again, like in the AM.
It's amazing.
There was one time, Bill Maher...
One time we did like a
sweet, sexy ass
R&B song about 9-Eleven.
Yeah.
We were thinking, we should have a tradition at 9-Eleven,
but then it started to feel creepy.
Because I think the number's funny, you know what I mean?
Like, it's not...
3,000 people nag, isn't that funny?
I'm against it.
The idea of a number being sacred is funny.
They shouldn't have taken down the tower.
No, they should not have.
He clearly doesn't believe that.
They should have counted to 10.
You're right.
You know what? Count to 11.
Yeah.
10 soon? 10 late?
10 is right in between 9 and 11.
Right in between them.
They just missed 10.
The fear is always that there's someone in the crowd
who's...
I just had put it behind me.
Yeah.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Someone who started experimenting with stand-up
at 17, right after Jeffrey Dahmer
ate everyone in Milwaukee.
And when all of the families
of his 17 victims
were going out to comedy clubs
to try to get away from their sorrows,
and every comic was like,
well, it seems like everyone else in the nation
thinks this is funny.
Never mind that I live in Milwaukee.
Andy, I'm sure you were doing gigs
in the days and weeks after 9-11,
because I went to a show about a week after...
a week and a half after
all the shit went down.
And Warren Thomas did a set
and did the funniest 9-11 joke of all time.
But the audience before that,
nobody was really quite willing
to laugh at anything at all, because the whole country,
the whole world was just like
in a weird
suspension of like...
going to be funny for a while.
And rightfully so.
It's very natural.
And some guy came on
before him and told a bunch of jokes
about how his failing acting career
and he's in a bunch of shows that were terrible.
And he's talking about his career.
And then Warren Thomas, who was a great comic,
who died how many years ago?
About 10 years ago, maybe?
He's a beloved, hilarious guy.
And he comes up when his first joke was,
I saw your demo reel.
9-11.
That is sweet.
The crowd did not groan.
The crowd fucking went into ecstasy
because we needed to fucking say something funny.
Not at the expense of what happened.
It's just that the world needed
somebody to fucking do the comedian's job.
It's like let's all just fucking,
let's all be in this room together
and let's all laugh about anything at all.
Yeah, I think that's...
It's a very courageous thing.
You never heard the story about Gilbert Gottfried?
I did not want to see it.
It's a whole long thing, but I had no desire
to see the aristocrats.
In some ways, I'm like an old-school guy.
I had a fear my parents are going to watch it
and they're going to be watching.
Something like up the ass into the coal.
And then...
But the premise that he had...
Tell them what he said.
I'm going back to the thing after the Jonestown massacre.
Oh, because he said after 9-11
that he was late for gig because
he had to change planes at the Empire State Building.
Oh!
And then he went into that...
Then he went into the Empire State Building.
The crowd grown and then he said,
I'm going to horrify you with viscera.
But what's the joke?
I hope I'm not getting this wrong
because this is the story that I'm sure
I'm going to get the details wrong.
I believe it was Gilbert Gottfried
at the Fillmore in San Francisco
and from what I've heard
it's one of the greatest openers of all time
and it was like a couple days or so
after, believe me, if I'm getting this wrong
somebody put online
the actual story of this.
But this has passed down to me through other comics.
The Jonestown massacre, horrible thing.
Another one of those moments where nobody...
We're against it.
Nobody knew what to think and certainly
we're going to a comedy show and all these people
have been massacred and it's a weird time
to go laugh about anything at all.
Especially he did the show in Jonestown.
That was the thing.
Tough room.
I smell flesh.
I don't know
how they even died.
What would they drink in the Kool-Aid?
Supposedly, he comes out
and I don't know if he was doing the Gilbert voice then
or not but this was a long time ago.
I think he always kind of did it.
I can't believe we all missed the
Two Drink Minimum
bit there.
A Two Drink Minimum?
Two Drink Maximum
Uh, Jonestown
Two Poison
Two Drink Maximum
I'm really killing the night.
So he comes out and he says,
and forgive me if I'm getting any of this wrong
but the way I know the story is that
he comes out and he says,
I grew up in San Francisco
which I don't think he did.
Again, could be all wrong
but the point is he did this joke.
I said, like, Janis Joplin played her
and I came here
as a young teenager
and I saw Janis Joplin play here
and I actually became friends with her
and I met her and we hung out
and I was actually with Janis when she died
and I
held her in my arms
as Janis died.
So to be here at the film hall, it's a very powerful
it's a very emotional thing for me.
I saw Jimi Hendrix play her.
I became friends with Jimi Hendrix.
The night that Jimi Hendrix died,
I held Jimi Hendrix in my arms
as he died.
I just got back from Jonestown
and boy are my arms tired.
Yeah, fuck those people at Jonestown!
I'm sorry, can I go too far?
They knew what they signed up for.
They knew, yes!
I'll put up the quotes.
Did you ever see that thing Eric Eidel wrote
about how comics are licensed gestures
and
they should always have the freedom
and it should be sanctioned
by everybody.
They have the ability to be seditious
and to be critical.
Well the trouble is that in the world
where gestures come from, you were vetted.
So with capitalism, everyone's a comic.
It's like open mic night
and then some guy gets up.
We've all seen some horrible shit.
I did stand up for all of a couple years
bad and didn't have the discipline to do it.
I was at the safe house
in Milwaukee with this guy
who was a juggler and he was juggling
machetes
and I guess
they weren't sharp machetes
but they were fucking metal
and one of them just
flew out into the audience
and almost hit a lady
and
he didn't apologize
which I think you should always do
when you almost machete someone
and
she was like whoa and she was being
relative to almost being machete
a good sport
and she was like
and I guess the machete kind of
went sort of in the area
of where it landed.
He saw the opportunity
in that it landed kind of between
her legs
and so he made the joke as he picked it up
like too bad it didn't go six inches further
to keep you from reproducing
and then kept juggling.
That's funny folks come on!
When I think about
whether or not
we should all be knighted
for speaking our mind
we're the defenders of all this stuff
I always remember that guy
that guy doesn't know what he's doing
he's very nervous
he's throwing knives around
and when he fucks up throwing knives around
his mind leaps to
his female
circumcision or whatever he's
thinking like
I wish that had cracked your vagina in half!
Thank God! To remove you from the gene pool!
Tough room!
That's not me it's the machete guy!
So yeah we don't
we don't get that jester status
comedy in general
when you're talking about comedy as a river
you know what should the pH level
of that river be
I think it should be primarily toxic
I think there should be a causticity
to things that get dipped in that river
But unless people
like someone like Brian Regan
who I think is hilarious
his mind doesn't work that way
so I wouldn't call that caustic
No no no you don't have to be oh my God
please yeah I'm sorry
you don't have to be caustic as a comedian
that's my whole point I think of that kid
I go like he should not be protected
by the comedian rule
I also like on the other side of the
spectrum a huge thing that is violated
is that everybody by default thinks you
have to be mean to be funny and there are so
many wonderful, warm, sincere people
who are truly funny because of their love
of everyone around them and they think
you got Bill Cosby
oh that is inappropriate
that is inappropriate
oh no
there's things to be joked about
and there's things that should be
capped in a small box locked away
shame
on you
but yes yes you're right
what I said
I think there's an obligation
of comedy
that it needs to be
I guess let me just skip to my bottom line
and my agenda is I just don't think you
should be that popular
I don't think you should be that buddy buddy
with the city hall and the
I guess who's coming in tonight
it's the president of the school
I'm on the student council and it's like
okay you're probably not doing comedy then
there's a really good chance of that
well Fallon is a perfect example
and Leno was a perfect example
yes it worked for Johnny Carson
when he was the only show in the air
he felt like he didn't want to go too far
in either direction politically
that's fine he was Johnny Carson
he was hilarious but for Jay Leno
he said to comedians you shouldn't have a point of view
it's ridiculous
we know before we were talking about
the Charlie Hebdo
and everybody upset
that's why there's people like Jimmy Fallon right now
because the uncomfortable things
are hard to talk to and so the people just want
a clown who does a potato sack
the irony is because comedy actually
comedy
has become
it has become the only powerful tool left
because politics have gone into the shitter
everyone's lying when they're breathing
it's so jaded and everything
the people that make you laugh
the people are getting their news from the Daily Show
for 15 years
and I don't even say that
like our country's son in the shitter
it's like yeah I got my new
John Stuart became Walter Cronkite
it was the only one
and it was like because comedy was the only thing
that could be trusted
don't pretend you know who Walter Cronkite was
Jesus Christmas
but ironically with that comes
that is not
on Logan's run point
with like whether or not
Soylent Green is this or whether it's people
I know I'm mixing movies and metaphors
the
that's the irony
of comedy's like
emergence from all this other shit
as like a trusted platform
it's like we actually need the people that make us laugh
so bad now that will like
hashtag cancel Colbert
because the guy that runs his Twitter feed
non-contextually
ruined one of his jokes
People were so upset about it
I'll give you an example of the where
with the Adam Corolla thing
if you listen to some of his bits where he says
Mexicans have no culture
they're coming up here to get our culture
cab drivers
why do you think cab drivers don't pick up black people
maybe they know something about black people that you don't know
those are not jokes
I'm even willing to accept that
Adam Corolla was
a huge fan but when he was on Love Line
whatever he could be funny
maybe he could be funny
but now when he's just spewing
racism he can't hide behind the fact
that he's a comic to justify what he's saying
right and so
it's good that we're moving into this age where we can
like detect that shit and call it out
but it's like
what ruins people's lives
not when it ruins people's lives
like who's lives
Adam Corolla
she's not worried about Adam Corolla's life
I'm assuming that kids worried
about for instance
no one's defending this lady
but the African age joke lady
oh yeah those things
I think those things are sad when someone says something
she's not even a comedian
200 followers
she's got a bad sense of humor
I don't even know if she was being ironic with that joke
I made that joke on a bad day
out of white guilt
I'm going to Africa
because I'm white like parentheses
I feel bad that I live in a world
where an entire continent
is our sewer and we don't give it any
federal aid
and we're like you know
maybe that's what she meant I don't know
it's the shot in Florida thing though
people gang up on people
we're like a baby finding out
why'd you say that
I think it was just more the thrill of
and it's thrilling for everybody
you find out that this arm you have
and so a baby's like
just reach out for your face
if a baby could suddenly muster the strength
of a human being
a lot of people would lose their noses
I think that's probably where that joke comes from
babies believe it's possible to get your nose
and they don't mind trying
but their muscles are putty
so they're just like
baby just reaches out grabs your nose
as hard as it fucking can and yanks
I wonder if I could pull this fucking thing off his face
I don't think that's ever
ever is the babies dialogue
what's up with this guy's face
so like everybody made that age joke
walking around with that big nose on his face
somebody kind of for fun
I saw a really funny joke once when it was like
I think this happened on Twitter
when there was some astronaut
going into space or something
he was like
some retired astronaut that was going up into
space again for like
some kind of nostalgic space run
and he was like an astronaut in the 70s
and now he's going back up again
for some PR reason
or maybe he was needed up there
I don't know
he left his golf ball he's like
where's my titleist
and then somebody
I think it was a tweet
like somebody tweeted
quick while he's in space
everybody put an ape mask on
that is the exact same principle
that happened with this woman
who made this shitty joke and she got on an airplane for Africa
and basically somebody made the joke
of like hey while she's in the air
let's make her famous
let's make her shitty joke that didn't land
famous and she got off the plane in Africa
and was like wow
you're bigger than Tom Cruise
good job on that age joke you fucking dingbat
and it's kind
I think that everybody
every step of the way in that process
probably has at least 90%
of the best intentions
but the collective emergence
did you hear about those guys
they were like 70 year old guys
and they were driving a hearse
and they had a veteran
and I guess the guy ran in
they had to drive for 7 hours
so they ran in and got a doughnut
and then this guy came out and said
you're never supposed to leave a hearse
and these guys were in their 70s and they got fired
they got fired because
yes they were probably wrong
why aren't you supposed to leave a hearse
because you're supposed to
because if it's a veteran
and even in general with the hearse
you're never supposed to
you're never supposed to stop
you're not supposed to stop at a buffet
and then get back in
and if you do
if you do you're supposed to pull around
these guys are in their 70s
the guy's online and he's saying
I have no money I want to starve now
why was it that important for the other guy
that person
it really is Twitter and social networking
it's like when the whole Woody Allen thing
was happening people hated me because
I was saying you're basing
you read a Vanity Fair article
thank God that the Court of Public Opinion
is not an actual court
you literally have never heard anything about
this case but you're basing
your opinion on Vanity
we get very excited
the people
when there's a little kid that's murdered
and there's all of us
who are like man a little kid shouldn't be murdered
I am against childs getting murdered
he is stipulating that
before he does something
another
and then there's the people who drive from out of state
and stand on the edge of the lawn
with pictures of dead babies
and hold them up and go like
I know you're a murderer get out of there
that person is doing that
put that anywhere
he's doing that
because it's hard to feel like a hero
that's not running on tap
in your house feeling like a hero
and so when you read in the papers
something that's real easy
to get behind
happened or get behind against
we react
it's a sign of the fact that we're being deprived
a healthy amount
of mythology and self-satisfaction
in our day to day lives
we're not going to bed at night feeling like we're good people
so
something happens on the news that's like
this kid got abducted and murdered and it's like
some people are like that is so fucked up
that's so fucked up
like no one else knows that's fucked up
cool down steve
no no I just fucked up you don't understand
this is a fucking kid
he's crying I was like what happened to steve
well I'll tell you
steve's been working for
eight years at Verizon
and he's like he's itching
for a fucking sword to pull out of a stone
and that should be
that should be a human right to feel like
you're a good guy well I'll give you a perfect example
I hate this guy I never liked this guy Jake
Tapper I'm obsessed with these horrible
pundits so Jake Tapper
the democrats
that's the democratic party so I don't want to get into that thing
where they call him democrat but it's called the democrats
it's their website their twitter
thing so they put out a thing
happy memorial day
and then it's Obama holding
an ice cream cone or whatever
and so Jake Tapper goes respectfully
I don't believe that was an appropriate image
for who in the hell is him
no better way to celebrate
to memorialize
memorial day
than to criticize
how other people are celebrating it
I mean what kind of
that to me is so disgusting
that's what he's gonna do
he's more respectful of the dead people
we have to remember the brave men
and women of the greatest generation
who charged Normandy's instagrams
and
you know really critiqued them
laid down
their handles
and said this isn't bad taste
take that Hitler
that's how we won the war
is by knowing
when people were bad
and saying so in a comment
it's terrible
you have to be the guy who's for all these things
why are you defending everything
what we're talking about
why don't you want the first people
to lose their job
why don't you want the AIDS lady
she's the
that's what she should have done
towards the AIDS lady
every 10 minutes
the crowd loses a sense of humor completely
no I think they're excited
they're waiting for us to bring out Spencer Crittenden
no, if you would
I got nowhere
I got nowhere to go
hey guys
hey Spencer, sorry I worked up a steam talking to Kindles
no it's been great conversation
it's
you know
I don't want to make you feel
on the spot here Dan
some of the finest interviewing I've seen
in some days on Harmontown
oh wow
oh okay
thank you
Spencer is our dungeon master
not the sex
you know what a dungeon master is
dungeons and horses
shoots and horses
shoots and baskets
shoots and onion rings
blah blah blah something something something
Ms. Pac-Man
is that good?
you still got it
do you ever play anything
like a D&D role playing game
of any sort Andy?
someone accused me I did some pun online
and they said oh I know where you got that from
you got that from P2P
I don't even
no it was the one where you
you killed somebody in the car
oh Grand Theft Auto
I don't know
yes you got that
you got that from Grand Theft something like that
and I said to the guy you're accusing me
of stealing I said I have never played a video game
in my fucking life
never?
you didn't play a Frogger or a Pac-Man
I did one like Wii doesn't count right
it's a ski ball you're gesturing ski ball
I did one where you roll the ball
and it's like through a hole
it's like I'm outside now
oh I'm a regular alpha
so you did play Wii one time
one time I played Wii and I played the old ones
like a pinball machine
pinball
pinball machines
you played pinball
actual pinball
in my day you had to go to an actual pinball machine
they didn't have them on an electronic thing
it was
beyond analog
it's amazing to me that we still have pinball machines
I'm not proud of it either
I'm not proud that I haven't played these things
I've heard rumors
maybe you can verify this is Will Ferrell like really
anti-video game
let me call him up
I had heard that from Jack Black
name dropy doop doop
I dropped a name
I had heard that
he's just got
everybody's got their thing and Will Ferrell's famous for
having no fucking bad
yeah nothing bothers me
he even likes Hitler
he's like the guy
that says Chevy Chase has his moments
like
he can see the good in anything
you're catching some of
Hitler's mojo right now
I just wanted to make him laugh
but
everybody's got to have something
I hate B-Pollen
I heard a rumor
that he just thinks that
it's
it's a disease
someone yahoo it up
I was trying to deal with yahoo
yahoo it
the reason it came up is because we wanted him to be on
some like video game thing
Jack was hosting a video game award thing
and we were like what if we could get Will Ferrell
to come out and do this thing and he's like
yeah I think that might be hard I'm Jack Black
that's a bad impression
bad impression
that's a pretty good impression
I did a little karate chop
because it's like holding your hair when you're doing
Nicholson
I'm doing Jack Black so I'll start kicking
you can do a Jack Black impression
I could try
put the chicken salad
that was Wolfman Jack Black
I could try here comes Abba
with Heart of Gold
Abba never did a song called Heart of Gold
Wolfman Jack would never introduce Abba
Spencer
hey guys all I do is I go
I'm Jack Black in high fidelity
that's all I do
did you really sign a deal with yahoo Andy?
yahoo it
no one will sign a deal with me for anything
oh
maybe it sounds sad there
I could put a word at yahoo
I'd like to be sponsored by them
are you satisfied
with my provider
well
what's your upload speeds
like you're so
outspoken and so funny
and so an honest ground and you say what you feel
and are unmistakably
one of the like a comics
comic and an audience's comic
and so incredibly funny
and where is your
sitcom like that's run 13 episodes
and then gotten cancelled like where is your
crown and glory are you
are you where are you at with your
relationship with your career
because you're
like the king of this mountain
that's like you I don't know how much
higher you can get on it but
like everyone respects you
and like
you're not Seinfeld
what is your relationship with that stuff
well I think everybody would say
like I mean anything that could happen
where if someone said here's your sitcom
I wouldn't turn it down I mean it's not like
in my mind
since I was 12 I like to be a movie actor
you know how
Louis does those faces where he's like
that's the kind of thing I did when I was 12
but the point is that
I always like more
but the truth is
and this is the God's honest truth
is that I have never been the thing I love most
to stand up and it doesn't mean every night
I love it but and
the fact that I can pay my bills and I
recurring thing here or doing a little thing there
so I'm completely
completely happy the only thing that bothers me
is when I get towards being broke
and otherwise
also I don't want to
personally don't want to fictionalize anything anymore
so I don't want to be a
stereo store sale well that's not even exist
I don't want to be a
I don't want to be an exercise
the funny the guy at the exercise studio
who puts down the other exercise
because
we're friends with Drew Carey
who like we watched go through
we didn't watch him go through it we met him when he was already
going through it like
there's a dangerous game you're playing there
the highest achievement is
you get a sitcom and you're like
my name's my actual name
but I work in an ad firm
but it's really me
and so like your identity
I remember Drew
and expressed this at one point it's like
then you get canceled
and it's you but it's not you
it was you
when everybody was watching the Drew Carey show
that meant the world loved Drew Carey
they called it I love Drew Carey
they're talking about the show but it's also
his first and last name
and then when people stop watching Drew Carey
and stop liking Drew Carey
that's tough emotional grounds
I also think the truth is
and this is the truth to me
is that you really can't control
that's why like Oprah when they would do these
actual ancient
eastern ideas but they would misappropriate them
like you create your own reality
but that doesn't work
if you're Jewish and you want to go into
concentration camp you know what I'm saying
I'm just saying the Jews did not
want to go into a concentration camp
so if you just think you create your own
reality that's a misunderstanding
but you do put your own energy
in the world and you can
control what you do sometimes
but you can't always control
what the end result is so I'm comfortable
that I just don't know what's going to happen
and that wouldn't discount anything
I wouldn't do a show
called the Drew Carey show
you know that's off the table
even though
you don't respect copyright law but that's not
the reason we just wouldn't do it on a craftsmanship
yes it's like it's been done
and you don't want to do it
I'm a stickler, I'm a stickler
they pitched me Seinfeld
that's your show, the stickler
I'm the stickler
the Andy Stickler show
Andy Kindler is the stickler
hey you're not getting that right
that's you in the round window
underneath Andy Kindler is the
stickler and then you pop up
hey you're not getting that right
it's apostrophe yes
yeah he comes in and yeah
in the words of Edwin Newman
anyone
but I would like sometimes
I think I'd like to do a talk show
I did a thing called Kindler Television
which I should probably put online
because no one bought it
and so I have ideas
I'm going to ask a question that's
do we cut you off or what's the deal
I'm just quiet
we're going to play a game with him in a second
and you're captive of it
but do you have a podcast
that's like saying what's your sign
in the 70s
this is a
a true story
oh by the way one story
there's an absolute true story one night I'm home
and I'm watching Conan
and Warren Thomas comes on
and I'm not lying about this
a joke bombs I'm eating
seriously I'm eating like cereal
cold cereal when every time
the Conan came on right in the old days
and he goes joke bombs
and Warren goes oh I'm entering
Andy Kindler bill
I would jump
for joy at home
that's praise from Caesar
so back in the old days
Audible.com
before there were podcasts
you said the way you said that
Audible.com
a little company called
and that company became
Waze
no
before podcasts they said
would you like to do
but no one had a podcast
I couldn't conceive of what am I going to talk to myself
so had I come up with it then
that was the time to do it
now I pride myself on being a guest
on podcasts
this isn't an exit
but you can come
work out your shit here anytime you want
and have a relationship with them
like come out and talk for a while
and leave anytime you want
we love you
I love you
why are you
why are you motioning me towards the door
I'm not because I actually
am dying to see you play
Shadowrun with us
you can leave but I would very much like you to stay
I will say this
just on the tail of that applause
one things are certain
I don't know a comic that I have any respect for
that doesn't respect you
and in the world of comedians
where people can be competitive
and dark and have their own shit
name one person that would go
I'll have a comedy contest with Andy Kindler
we don't typically speak in that language
I remember seeing you
do you remember the Onyx Cafe
I absolutely do
across the street from Pedro's Grill
just up the road
by the way thanks for saying that
there was a tiny little coffee house
I don't think I talked about this
we completely just filleted you
on a show a while back
we talked about how much we loved you for a half hour
there was this tiny little coffee house
there was never more than
20 people in there
and it was run by Joshua Dianado
and some of you started putting
an actual egg timer
and it started going
I remember, Jeremy Kramer kicking on a football
and it went like 50 yards
it was great
but you came out
that resembled material at all
in the front row, the entire goddamn time.
There was a guy that had an outfit on,
and the joke was, it was not a preposterous outfit.
You just gave this guy the business about his shirts,
and it was a perfectly acceptable shirt,
but you just gave him shit.
Perfectly acceptable shirt.
And you just stormed this, the stage was like a really,
like smaller than the meltdown stage,
like probably by half, a little tiny piece of like wood
on wooden blocks, and you just stormed around it
like General Patton, and we were just fucking
apoplectic laughing.
And also, whether it was that night or another night,
there was, these two guys came in,
we heard guitars playing up the street,
and they came down the road and came in,
and it was Jack Black and Kyle Gasson.
No one had ever heard of him before.
I remember this night, I remember that.
And I asked Jack about it, and I said,
I saw you play at the Honest Cafe,
and he goes, that was our first show.
Are you serious?
Do you remember how funny that bit they were doing was?
Yeah, they came in again.
Wow.
Like you came in there, and you absolutely just dominated,
and then, I don't know who was on first, you or them,
but they came in, they stood back to back,
and strumming the fuck out of these acoustic guitars,
and circled around, and they sang,
what's the song?
This is not the best song in the world.
Tribute, they fucking sang Tribute,
and it was their first fucking show.
And Sarah Silverman, I think Paula Tompkins,
that was maybe one of his first shows in LA,
and he had a shitty, rumpled ass, ill-fitting suit,
and now he's like sartorial fucking mastery.
But that was a magical show.
We had a great, I mean, that was unbelievable.
There was all the quote-unquote independent,
in indie comics that came down from the Bay Area.
Were you Bay Area?
No, I'm from, it's a long, well, not that long a story.
I'm from Queens, and I moved here.
Right.
Uh.
Don't get me started.
No, I started here, I came out to be a musician.
I started comedy here just because I would have had
to have left to start in a smaller town,
but I knew all those guys because I
used to play laughs unlimited in Sacramento.
It was so magical.
It was an amazing time.
I remember that moment of being there.
Fred Belford, our friend, took me there.
Exactly.
And we sat there, and I'm not a stand-up comic,
but everybody there was either up in Cummins,
or there were people that were like, oh, you
have to see this guy, this person's from, or this gal.
Like, this is Jeanine Graffo.
This is Margaret Schell.
There's these people that they've heard of.
Everything in there was so fucking magical,
and the host was kind of at Looney Tins.
He really was crazy.
But there was you and Jeremy Kramer, and Harlan Williams,
and fucking, it was so goddamn.
And Bob Odenkirk's stand-up.
Yeah, yeah.
Amazing stand-up.
That was a magical time, and then I told them a little bit.
You did a show called Hacks, Hacks, Hacks.
You give me a smile like, hello.
You and I both go, Bob Odenkirk's full of shit.
Anyway, anyway, there was that magical moment
when you go like, oh, I'm allowed to like stand-up again,
because stand-up had this giant explosion in the 80s
where everybody that thought they were mildly entertaining
stood in front of a brick wall and bummed you the fuck out.
But you can't knock that generation.
I mean, it became very strange.
It was like Judy Tenuta and our friend Bobcat Goldthwaite,
and there was the character comedy started to happen.
It was like you really, there was this huge pressure
on comedians to come out, and it was like star search.
You've got to fucking like, what's your deal?
Are you the guy with the penis for a head,
or are you the guy with dice on his neck,
or is your name Jacques Van Schlock and Doc?
And then the 90s, it was like this, it was the grunge thing.
It was like the, but you transcend all of that
because you don't wear flannel and never have.
I had, I wore acid washed jackets in the late 80s.
It's the most oppressive thing.
But I will say one thing right now.
I think right now is an amazing time period
for comedy right now.
I really do, because people are actually going out.
You guys are fans of right now.
But like, I love right now.
Addomium, Hannibal Burris, there's so many amazing,
it's pretty cool.
Who are you naming?
James Adomian.
Oh yeah, he was just, he was on last week.
So cool.
He came on and did a Bernie Sanders impression
for three hours, it was great.
Yeah, it was amazing.
You know Hannibal Burris, I mean there's just so many names,
and people like Todd Glass,
it was so, it was always hilarious.
And it's just amazing, I don't know, it's just like.
Let's not forget Jeff Dunham.
He's great.
He's not racist, the puppets racist.
Carlos Mincia is really hitting a stride right now.
Yes.
Is DeMorge Brown out there?
DeMorge, you with us?
I don't think I usually see him lingering.
No DeMorge tonight.
Should we just do a very-
If DeMorge is listening, usually I see you lingering.
Why don't we be just, I don't know if that's a note.
Dan, Spencer, let me know what you think.
We're running a little bit late here.
Yeah, we always start late too.
Why don't we, yeah.
But let's maybe just play a very small lean and mean
shadow run with just the three of us.
Maybe you want to bring somebody else up
to play another character.
Does that muddy the waters?
I can play a very old man.
Well, I think we should, in honor of Mad Max Fury Road,
we should get a non-sexualized strong female lead
to come up and play Erin McGathy's character.
Preferably someone with a robot arm.
Do we have a strong female lead to play?
Hannah, the seamstress?
Oh yeah, Hannah, the seamstress.
Because she's earned it.
Hannah, the seamstress.
She's earned it by sewing.
Think, Hannah, by the way,
that's no small favor you did for me.
I really appreciate you putting the button
back on my thing.
Oh, it's okay.
I learned how to sew recently.
I mean, I can do it too,
but I know I've sewn many buttons.
I've ripped many buttons off.
I can do this.
I love to sew, and I do it quite often,
but I appreciate you doing that for me.
All right, Kindler, so Hannah,
have you seen the show before?
You gotta eat the mic.
Eat that mic, baby.
Eat the mic.
I had to quit.
It's not how I'm knee-directional.
And when I said baby,
I meant baby in the Sammy Davis Junior way
that's omni-gender.
Like, I didn't mean like baby.
I didn't even hear the baby.
Oh, okay, good.
And I didn't even say it.
That's how feminist I am.
When I called you a skirt,
I meant it in the...
Eat that mic, sugar.
I call everyone sugar.
Like a throwback, throwback.
Everyone's sweet to me.
He's got two of them.
I got two of them now.
Yeah, so in this Manila folder,
there's like a piece of paper
with a bunch of statistics on it.
Okay, numbers and keywords.
This is your character.
It's as if you've been dropped
into the world's most academically intense
murder mystery night.
You won't, you do not need to know any of this stuff.
Who are you?
What's your name?
You probably don't even know that.
Oh, I'm Kumail Nanjiani.
Oh.
Which is that character?
That's Dr. Friend.
Oh, Dr. Friend, okay.
So you're like a doctor.
Who are you, Hannah?
Mary O'Donnell.
Right, Mercy.
Mercy O'Donnell.
Okay, so you're Erin's character.
You've never heard us play the game, Hannah.
So you said, okay.
So she's like a, boy.
She's our negotiator.
Like she's kind of our face man.
She makes the deals and she's got power
over other people's minds.
She's super charming, very like she has the ability
to con and kind of like negotiate wheel and deal.
Okay, good, because I'm a Libra, so it's good.
And Dr. Friend is kind of like a mob doctor archetype.
Like you're a doctor.
Oh, but it's nothing to do with Kumail.
Well, Kumail often plays him.
Oh, very often.
So why did you say Kumail then?
Who's the doctor's name?
Kumail played him once, twice?
Like a couple, like a couple times.
Oh yeah, Kumail, like yeah.
Yes, Andy, the important thing is don't get too bogged down
into statistics and the numbers and things like that.
Like your weapons are in there and you're...
I got you.
Just like say one of the words you see in the sheet
and be confused about it.
Okay.
But I'm a doctor though.
I'm a table doctor.
See, he's doing it.
I'm an evil doctor.
I will kill you with my chemical protection for.
Yeah.
That's how you do it.
Andy, we're basically like kind of a cyberpunk A team
out doing capers and stuff like that
for the underworld in the future.
And we're active players in a narrative
that he's in charge of.
If he says something happens, it happens.
He tells us where we are and we tell him
what we want to do next when he asks us, basically.
All right, Spencer, he tells us the results
based on systems that he understands and cheats about.
It's like improvising.
We have to, we're, yes, you're, we're, yes, ending it.
Good, yeah.
Absolutely, yeah.
Yes, and it sounds like fun.
Yeah.
Spencer, do you have a guest recapper for us?
Yeah, this one's by James Johnson.
All right, fake name.
Here we go.
What it's like.
Wrong song.
Okay, all right.
Last time on Harmon Run, the gang stages a modified circle
jerk to initiate their new teammate.
That's it.
Oh, that's right.
OK, that's what we did.
James, James Johnson.
And our new teammate is called what again?
What's up?
What's our new teammate's name again?
Hack Eye.
Hack Eye, of course.
And he's kind of a, like, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a hacker.
It's like a Technomancer.
Technomancer, right.
All right, so.
You guys, you're in Hank's last stand, the bar.
You just got this job to infiltrate MindPlus Limited.
It's a hospital to infiltrate the hospital and retrieve data
research for your employer.
And our employer is who?
That's just the Johnson.
It's the Johnson.
All right.
Particularly, we're looking for data related
to the Billy Baldwin, uh, BTL chips, or is that, uh.
Yes, that data.
All right, you kind of smiled like I was wrong.
Well, Billy Baldwin, BTL chips is just a great thing to say.
All right, Baldwin Brown.
When I get the Billy Baldwin, BTL chips,
I will have achieved my goal.
I am a doctor.
I will induce terrible pain.
No, no, doctor, do no harm.
First, do no harm.
I will, uh, just a moderate amount of pain.
OK, fair enough.
Do we have a location for the MindPlus Limited?
Yeah, you have an address on the map.
I call an Uber.
All right, you do that.
It arrives outside.
Let's load up, everybody.
Lock and load.
Mercy, how's it going?
It's all right.
We may need you to go into the front of the hospital
and kind of do some front stuff for us.
Oh, is it because I have exceptional charisma?
Yeah, that's the reason.
It's not because I'm a woman, right?
No.
No, God, no.
No, have you seen Mad Max?
No, no.
I can not, the Uber driver is telling me
that he has no place to store my mystic armor.
What will I do?
What shall I do?
I certainly hope this voice stops.
No.
Woman, woman, does not compute.
Maybe you should just wear the mystic armor.
Oh, here's the mystic armor.
Oh, it's really got it back from the cleaner.
All right, you guys, remember, I think we found out
that there was lots of sensors, vibration sensors,
and all sorts of security and stuff like that
when we get in there.
At this place?
Yeah.
Right?
Are you James Johnson?
No, I'm Eve Libertine.
I'm an elf magician.
Very, very, to talk very matter-of-factly.
Well, that's all, it's just business.
I thought acting involved making a choice.
That's good, yeah.
Usually, my guy talks like this, yeah.
Well, then I shall be the counterpoint with my Stan Bataan.
I agree with my chameleon suit, all right.
Thank you, mumble-core.
I send out a, I summon a butterfly that's
going to fly out ahead of us and just
going to go into the door and probably not trip any sensors
to fly around and give us some recon inside this Mind
Plus Limited.
All right.
You summon a butterfly, but it takes substantial drain.
You feel your resources being drained
as you cast this magic from your body,
but there it is, a butterfly.
Butterfly, are we close to the Mind Plus Limited?
Oh, yeah, you're close.
You're about five minutes off.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
All right, we're here.
Did that, why did I think it was a hospital?
It is a hospital.
OK, OK.
Keep it down, you circle jerks.
They'll find out that we're here.
I just wanted to use circle jerks.
All right, so I tell the butterfly to fly in and get
the lay of the land and find out, just give us some recon.
All right, it does so.
Do you have to talk to the butterfly to do that?
I have a spiritual mental link to it, but I mean,
if I do, it would be in a.
So we just see you, like.
When I summon a butterfly, of course,
I hold my hands up in my Comanche War Club in the air,
and I am overcome with a blue glow.
And then out of my butt, a butterfly goes, pfft.
It's a butterfly.
What?
Aha!
Does it go through stuff?
Yeah, it's a spirit.
It can dematerialize.
OK.
I like heart.
Art?
They did a song about the butterfly.
Oh, heart.
OK, so guys, I have a butterfly that's going in there
to fly around and get us some recon.
It does that.
And then returns.
Butterfly, what did you learn?
I learned it's a hospital in there.
They got a waiting room.
They got multiple floors.
Great butterfly, nice going.
I could have done that on my own.
Various surgical operations.
Did you see any defenses, anything we have to worry about?
Oh, I saw some, you know, cameras and guards.
OK.
They have a strange accent for a butterfly.
Spencer, how much drain did I take on that?
Three boxes of non-lethal.
Oh, boy.
I think, you know, what are we looking for?
We're looking for, like, data.
We're going to find their data room.
Right.
Does your butterfly see any data rooms?
Butterfly, did you see a data room?
I saw no data room.
There was some sort of security room towards the top,
but that just, you know, had cameras and a chair.
OK.
I think that's where we want to go.
I think we send Mercy and Ferris just, like,
let's just do this like a straight, like, you know,
let her work her charm.
I'll grapple up under the roof and find a vent.
You use your feminine wiles.
OK.
I got this.
I have a key card copier, so I can maybe
make a copy of the keys that maybe the guard has.
Oh, if you can pinch one, yeah.
See if I can get it with my exceptional charisma.
Holy shit.
Nice work.
Maybe you can come in.
OK, I'm probably, I'm a stealthy guy,
so I'll fake a seizure or something,
and you bring me in like a person.
I'll use my exceptional charisma, and you can sneak in.
And I'll try to see if I can, like, pinch a card.
Here, take my card copier, and so you can copy the card.
I'll make the sound effects.
He's got the card copier now.
I will cast a spell.
The spell will be the physical barrier.
I will create a dome and or wall of magical energy
that will keep us invisible, or something.
If I'm invisible, I can't use my exceptional charisma.
Oh, don't be funnier than me.
I'm enraged.
Maybe you could come along and use your doctor expertise
to make it seem more legitimate than I am.
Call me.
You should have doctor credentials on it.
If you guys go in together and you're faking a seizure,
this will all look legit.
I'm a doctor, Jim, not an opposite profession.
Call me bones.
I'm going to astrally project inside from outside,
like in a safe place.
I'm going to astrally project inside so I can kind of
keep an eye out.
All right.
Try to get me, well, I'll try to, I mean,
my goal is to get near a security guard,
because we'll see if I can pickpocket a car.
I'm going to scream about my moderate egg allergy,
and I think that'll make enough of a distraction.
Oh, you're going to scream about.
Yeah, but with my charisma, people will come and help.
Wait, no, no, no, I thought you were helping him
pretend to be sick.
I thought, oh, you're pretending to be sick.
I thought you were speaking.
Do you want to pretend to be sick?
I thought I was going to distract them
while you got the key.
Right, by.
I'll give you a doctor's note.
OK, how about this?
Doctor Friend.
Doctor Friend, take Mercy in.
Yes.
Say she's got an egg allergy.
She's having an anaphylactic shock.
She's the charming one, though.
Oh, right, she has an anaphylactic shock.
Then I'll just show my boobs and be charming.
Me too.
OK, we got this.
Oh, sorry.
Too real.
You're sick, too.
Oh, yeah, no, I say, Mercy, you go and use your charm.
Bring him in.
Nightblade, you pretend to be sick.
Doctor Friend, you're going to be there to make it all look
legit.
OK.
I believe that everything I look legitimate.
The roof has a whooping cough.
That's good.
All right, all right, let's do it.
Yes.
Here we go.
We're not doing it?
We're starting this?
We're going.
We're going in.
Here we go.
Help.
Help, my friend is sick.
He's got a seizure.
It is true.
I have examined him.
I am Doctor Friend.
It is true.
I am exceptionally charismatic.
You should listen to us.
Open your mouth and say, ah.
He already took his temperature.
It was really high.
Wait, well, I didn't hear you guys.
Aren't you still in the car, though?
No, I got, I got.
We left it.
Obviously we're gone.
All right, good check rehearsal, guys.
All right.
Guys, here we go.
We opened it two nights.
All right.
I must check your boobs with my stethoscope.
I have to check your boobs with my stethoscope.
I forgot the stethoscope.
All right.
Let's go.
Let's go in and try it.
Here we go.
We're going to go in through the front door.
Okay.
This is what we're doing.
All right.
One, two, three.
Break.
Help.
My friend is having a seizure.
And I am exceptionally charismatic.
Yes.
Hey.
She's a dish.
All right.
Let us in.
He's a doctor.
We mean no harm.
I can show you my Hippocratic Oat.
He needs access to doctor stuff.
What are you doing?
I'm having a seizure.
Oh, he's having a seizure.
Look at this man.
He has the least convincing case of epilepsy I've ever seen in my life.
I don't want to be offensive.
I don't want to nail it.
He has dog panting syndrome.
Even though I'm actually projecting, I turn to one of the security cameras and do a camera
take and go, yeah, look at these idiots.
Okay.
So you're doing all these things and the receptionist person in the waiting area is extremely alarmed.
It's like, is there a doctor?
Oh, we need help.
Oh, sorry.
Not yet, right?
No, no.
This is exactly what we need.
I'm a doctor.
I can help.
Well, would I not be a doctor if I said I was?
I don't really follow the line of questioning.
I just can't say, you just can't walk around saying you're a doctor.
That's a fair point.
Well, that's perfect because, I mean, this is primarily for transplantation of cyberlimbs.
We don't really deal with seizures.
This man is dying.
I show him.
Comedically.
Hey, you.
I show him my.
Well, you're the doctor.
What should we do?
My cyber arm.
I point at my cyber arm and I kind of twitch it because I have a cyber arm.
I must take him to surgery immediately.
And I make the hatch on my arm that has my gun in it like a, you know, twitch or something
to indicate like cyber twitching.
It's a cyber switch.
Cyber lepsi.
Right.
He has cyber lepsi.
That's not a gun.
Don't worry.
All right.
That's the most horrible case of cyber lepsi I've seen in quite some time.
Are you, are you the receptionist?
What?
Are you the receptionist?
Yeah.
You are really not, not good at your job.
How'd you get this job?
Obamacare?
Am I right people?
Am I wrong?
Thank you.
Well, we need to get you guys, yeah, to some sort of room probably.
Yes.
Exactly my thoughts.
Guards.
Six guards appear.
Take them toward C. Beta.
Any of these guards visibly have any credentials on them?
Like that kind of thing.
They have guard credentials.
Like on their belts or what's the deal?
It's part of their, it's part of their bulletproof vest is, is like a, a number that's projecting
a sort of identification hologram.
Hmm.
Does it, I mean, if I were to ask you, how do I steal that?
You take the, take the breast thing.
Take the whole vest?
Yeah.
The vest.
That's what it is.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Many epileptics sing a cartoon like way.
Sparrows from Capistrano.
You're right.
Non-copyright.
Quick, quick.
Someone who knows what we're doing.
Jump in.
You guys are doing great.
Where are we going?
They're taking you to the room ward C or whatever.
You're in the room now.
You've arrived.
Two of the guards stand side, but the rest go on their merry way out the door.
I've never seen anybody go on a merry way.
All right.
Well, this is the next thing I'm going to attempt and it's going to get sloppy.
I'm going to, I'm going to stun as many of them as I can.
I'm going to stun one of them and hope the other two get the hint.
I mean, the other two of my friends.
Can I materialize from my astral projection?
Do I have to walk in?
Well, no, you have to walk in.
Okay.
You're, yeah.
I'm just kidding.
I mean, you're probably still, your corporeal body is probably still in the Uber, I think.
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
Which is a good thing.
We should have gone with lift.
Sorry.
I always panic.
All right.
Take it.
I'm going to, I'm going to stun baton one.
All right.
You go in for the stun baton.
It works.
You hit the guard right in the unprotected nape of his neck.
That's not where you, some other part of his neck.
He, he goes down twitching and shocking like he has cyber lepsy.
The other guard draws his pistol.
It's just a pistol though.
That's when I use my monocle, my monocle somehow comes into play.
You have a monocle?
I certainly do.
And three flashbangs.
Your monocle has three flashbangs?
No.
Separate item.
Do you have a weapon you could use on him?
Yes.
To stun him or knock him out?
Thank you for reminding me.
Yes.
Throw the tear gas, throw three tear gas grenades.
Are you?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You guys, you're all in the room together.
We're all going, if one of us goes, we all go.
Tear gas pours into the room.
No!
Ah, here, here's the antidote, the antidote.
It will help the, all of the, you recover from the poisoning.
I don't know if that's on your sheet there though.
Antidote.
Why is it?
Helps target recover from poisoning.
Oh, that's a spell.
Okay.
Oh, okay, forget that then.
Do you want to cast it?
Hey, is that a spell he can cast that can work just on his friends?
Everyone falls to the floor choking and crying.
I have medicine.
I will use medicine.
I have one, I have a log of medicine, six logs.
I have medicinal, take these medicinal herbs, take these trick clinics.
You, get a drug dealer in here.
Okay, I admit now that that was the wrong move.
I'm a, I'm a doctor, not a thinker.
He's just threw three tear gas cans in the room that you're in.
So I, I guess I, I mean, I take the medicinal herbs.
Okay.
I mean, okay.
What about that spell you mentioned?
Antidote.
Yes.
Oh, I left it, oh, did I say I had an antidote?
Oh, oh, spell.
I will now place a spell on you.
Oh, it's a, it will, bring it to you.
Ragadaboo.
Some people won't suffer from tear gas in this room.
That's how you cast a spell?
It sounded like they wanted to end the show.
Oh, you don't want to tell?
Yeah.
Okay, it works.
You want to end the show.
Well, I mean, I don't know.
You cast a gannadote.
It works.
Everybody?
Yeah.
Jim Nightblade recovers the use of his eyes, his cyber eyes.
He wasn't really afflicted, I guess.
Well, tear gas affects more than eyes.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Your nasal passages ease.
So I stunned Baton, the other guy, I guess, the other guard.
He goes down.
He's crying on the floor.
All right.
Am I okay?
No, you're still in great pain.
Get Ben Stein on the phone and bring him his clear eyes.
I have a med kit.
You guys should probably use it.
Can they use my med kit?
Oh, totally.
Is that like a fanny pack?
Yeah, it is.
It's the fanny pack I'm wearing.
Oh, okay.
The med kit.
How are we going to get all this tear gas out of the room?
I think you just need to steal the key card.
Oh, yeah.
Wow, my eyes.
A smoke screen.
That's what I meant to do.
It was a smoke screen.
So close.
Cliff Hanger.
All right.
There we go.
Thank you, Andy Kindler, for coming.
Thank you.
Thank you, Hannah, for sewing and helping.
You know everybody else.
Spencer Crittenden and everybody.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller Mayor.
One more time is Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you for coming.
Happy Memorial Day.
Drive fast.
Take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.